openssh_keypair file permissions/ownership: add porting guide entry (#62176)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/porting_guides/porting_guide_2.9.rst

* The deprecated ``force`` option in ``win_firewall_rule`` has been removed.
* :ref:`openssl_certificate <openssl_certificate_module>`'s ``ownca`` provider creates authority key identifiers if not explicitly disabled with ``ownca_create_authority_key_identifier: no``. This is only the case for the ``cryptography`` backend, which is selected by default if the ``cryptography`` library is available.
* :ref:`openssl_certificate <openssl_certificate_module>`'s ``ownca`` and ``selfsigned`` providers create subject key identifiers if not explicitly disabled with ``ownca_create_subject_key_identifier: never_create`` resp. ``selfsigned_create_subject_key_identifier: never_create``. If a subject key identifier is provided by the CSR, it is taken; if not, it is created from the public key. This is only the case for the ``cryptography`` backend, which is selected by default if the ``cryptography`` library is available.

> * :ref:`openssh_keypair <openssh_keypair_module>` now uses the same file permissions and ownership for the public key as for the private key (i.e. uses the ``mode``, ``owner``, ``group`` etc. options). If you need different permissions / ownership, please modify them with the :ref:`file <file_module>` afterwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`openssh_keypair <openssh_keypair_module>` now applies the same file permissions and ownership to both public and private keys (both get the same ``mode``, ``owner``, and ``group``). If you need to change permissions / ownership on one key, use the :ref:`file <file_module>` to modify it after it is created.
```

Author: Thanks a lot, I think that improves it a lot! I will change it a little more though, since the `etc.` is really needed - there are some more attributes (like selinux context) which will be set as well.
